What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Git creates a hidden directory called .git. This hidden repository contains the metadata required to track the history of the entire repository.
We need to run the git init command to be able to make a git repository. This way, the entire directory is handled as a repository for the git software.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The working directory is the place where changes are done. The staging area is where all the changes needed for a commit comes together so they can be bound
as a logic unit of changes. The repository is where logical units of changes are saved as separate commits. Since the working directory is a place where a 
change do not need to wait for others changes to be ready for a commit, we need the staging area to put this change while having the working area ready for
making more changes. Let's remember that doing changes is a never stop task.
 
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

We can put all changes that made up a logical change into the staging area. Because all these changes are not completed at the same time, the ones that were
completed first can wait for the others. This way, we can put together all logical changes completed in different times, and then commit them as a logical
unit of changes.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

For example, branches are helpful when we want to have two or more versions of our project. It is also helpful when we want to introduce a new feature, but
we are not sure that it will stay on the final project.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

They show us the different branches and its commits. We can see graphically the sequence of commits for each branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The result is a commit which takes into account commits from both branches. We represent it in a diagram to see which commits belongs to the branches, and the
final commit which merges the branches.
